# Intro-To-Software-Design-Team-Project

As you saw in the project teaser, your task will be to make a fantasy sports or fantasy TV application for any show or standard quarantine activity that you think could fill people’s need for competition! Hopefully this sparked some ideas as to what sport/show/activity you would like to design for and what features you would like to have in your program. Now we would like to offer some requirements to get you started and spark further innovation. Your project must include:1.   Persistent Log: the backbone of your program will be a log of players/contestants/characters/etc. that each user will select from like any other fantasy app. This could take the form of a csv/txt file, but we recommend implementing a SQL database.2.   Draft: fantasy season must begin with a draft that allows users to fairly choose their teams for the upcoming season3.   Trades: your users must be able to chat to negotiate deals and execute trades throughout the season4.   Scoring: no fantasy season would be complete without a scoring system to update player/character stats and dole out points to the players in real time as the database is updatedKeep in mind, these are MINIMUMrequirements. Correctly implementing your own version of these features will only earn an 85% grade. To earn more points, your team will need to add additional features to make your design more unique, functional, and interactive. At least three more fully functioningfeatures will be needed to earn a 100% grade.You will still complete Java Docs and Wiki for this project. In the developer documentation your team must explain which features you’ve added in order to get credit for their completion. You will have two weeks and 12 hours to complete this project, making the final deadline May 11th at 12:00 A.M. Best of luck!An example of fantasy sports apps can be seen at: https://www.espn.com/fantasy/
